README.md, before:

# Fees API with Encore and Temporal

This project implements a robust Fees API using the [Encore.dev](https://encore.dev/) framework for the backend and [Temporal.io](https://temporal.io/) for orchestrating long-running, reliable billing workflows.

It is designed to handle both usage-based and monthly billing cycles, allowing for the progressive accrual of fees (line items) and ensuring the durability and consistency of all financial operations.

## Project Overview

The core of the system is a long-running Temporal workflow, `BillLifecycleWorkflow`, that represents the lifecycle of a single bill. This workflow is responsible for:

- Tracking a defined billing period (e.g., one month).
- Accruing line item totals in its memory state via signals.
- Persisting each line item to a database for a historical record.
- Automatically closing the bill at the end of the period using a durable timer.
- Triggering a decoupled child workflow for post-processing tasks like generating invoices and sending emails.

## 1. Setup and Running

### Prerequisites

- **Go:** Version 1.18 or higher.
- **Docker:** Required by Encore to run the local Postgres database.
- **Temporalite:** A single-binary, zero-dependency distribution of Temporal for local development.

### Installation & Setup

1.  **Install Encore:**

    ```bash
    # macOS
    brew install encoredev/tap/encore

    # Linux
    curl -L https://encore.dev/install.sh | bash

    # Windows
    iwr https://encore.dev/install.ps1 | iex
    ```

2.  **Install and Run Temporalite:**
    Follow the official instructions at [temporal.io/temporalite](https://temporal.io/temporalite) to install it. Once installed, start the local Temporal service:

    ```bash
    ./temporalite start --namespace default
    ```

    Keep this terminal window open.

3.  **Run the Encore Application:**
    In a separate terminal, from the project's root directory, run:
    ```bash
    encore run
    ```
    Encore will start the service, connect to the local Postgres database (run via Docker), and connect to the local Temporalite instance. You will see a **Development Dashboard URL** in your terminal.

## 2. API Reference

You can interact with the API via `curl` or by using the **API Explorer** in the Encore Development Dashboard (usually at `http://localhost:9400/`).

### Create a New Bill

Starts a new billing cycle (either usage-based or subscription) for a given `bill_id`.

**Endpoint:** `POST /api/bills`

**`curl` Example (Usage-Based):**

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:4000/api/bills \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "X-Idempotency-Key: $(uuidgen)" \
-d '{
  "bill_id": "project-xyz-usage",
  "policy_type": "USAGE_BASED",
  "currency": "USD",
  "billing_period_end": "2025-09-26T21:25:00+08:00"
}'
```

**`curl` Example (Subscription):**

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:4000/api/bills \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "X-Idempotency-Key: $(uuidgen)" \
-d '{
  "bill_id": "project-abc-subscription",
  "policy_type": "SUBSCRIPTION",
  "currency": "USD",
  "billing_period_end": "2025-10-26T21:25:00+08:00",
  "recurring": {
    "amount": 1000,
    "interval": "30d",
    "description": "Monthly Subscription Fee"
  }
}'
```

_(Note: The `date` command above is for macOS/BSD to get a timestamp 10 minutes from now. Adjust for your shell.)_

**How it Works:**

- A request to this endpoint triggers the `BillLifecycleWorkflow` with the specified `policy_type` (e.g., `USAGE_BASED` or `SUBSCRIPTION`).
- The `X-Idempotency-Key` header is handled by Encore's middleware to prevent creating duplicate workflows from retried API calls.
- The `billing_period_end` tells the workflow when to automatically close itself.

### Add a Line Item

Adds a fee to an existing, open bill.

**Endpoint:** `POST /api/bills/{billID}/line-items`

**`curl` Example:**

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:4000/api/bills/project-xyz-usage/line-items \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "X-Idempotency-Key: $(uuidgen)" \
-d '{
  "amount": 500,
  "currency": "USD",
  "description": "API Usage Charge"
}'
```

**Important:** The `amount` field must be provided in the currency's smallest unit (e.g., cents for USD). For example, to charge $5.00 USD, you must send an `amount` of `500`. This is a best practice to avoid floating-point errors in financial calculations.

**How it Works:**

- This sends an `AddLineItem` signal to the running workflow.
- The workflow executes an activity that inserts the line item into the database. A unique `uid` is generated for this insertion to provide database-level idempotency.
- If the insertion is successful, the workflow updates its internal in-memory total for that currency.

### Void a Line Item

Voids a specific line item from an open bill, effectively removing its amount from the total.

**Endpoint:** `PUT /api/bills/{billID}/line-items/{lineItemID}/void`

**`curl` Example:**

```bash
# Replace {lineItemID} with an actual ID from a previously added line item
curl -X PUT http://localhost:4000/api/bills/project-xyz-usage/line-items/{lineItemID}/void \
-H "X-Idempotency-Key: $(uuidgen)"
```

**How it Works:**

- The API sends an `UpdateLineItem` signal to the running `BillLifecycleWorkflow`.
- The workflow triggers an `UpdateLineItem` activity. This activity changes the line item's `status` to `voided` in the database and returns the full line item object.
- Upon successful completion of the activity, the workflow subtracts the `amount` of the voided line item from its in-memory `Totals` map for the corresponding `currency`. This ensures the live, queryable total is immediately corrected.

### Manually Close a Bill

Explicitly closes a bill before its scheduled `billing_period_end`.

**Endpoint:** `POST /api/bills/{billID}/close`

**`curl` Example:**

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:4000/api/bills/project-xyz-usage/close
```

**How it Works:**

- Sends a `CloseBill` signal to the running workflow.
- The workflow stops its timer, finalizes the bill state by persisting the in-memory totals to the database, and triggers the post-processing child workflow.

### Get a Single Bill

Retrieves the details of a specific bill.

**Endpoint:** `GET /api/bills/{billID}`

**`curl` Example:**

```bash
curl "http://localhost:4000/api/bills/project-xyz-usage"
```

**How it Works:**

- This endpoint retrieves a bill by its `billID`.
- For open bills, it performs a Temporal Query against the live running workflow to fetch the real-time totals.
- For closed bills, it reads the finalized data directly from the database.

### List Bills

Retrieves a paginated list of open or closed bills.

**Endpoint:** `GET /api/bills`

**`curl` Example (get open bills):**

```bash
curl "http://localhost:4000/api/bills?status=open&limit=5"
```

**How it Works:**

- This endpoint queries the database to get a list of bills.
- **Hybrid State Model:**
  - For **closed** bills, the total charges are read directly from the historical data in the database.
  - For **open** bills, it performs a **Temporal Query** against the live running workflow to fetch the real-time, up-to-the-second totals from its memory.

---

## 3. Architectural Decisions

This project includes several key design patterns that are critical for building robust, scalable financial systems.

### 1. Hybrid State Management

- **What:** The system uses a hybrid model for state. Live, in-flight totals are held in the workflow's memory for speed and consistency. Historical, finalized totals are persisted to the database for long-term storage and rich querying.
- **Why:** This provides the best of both worlds: the real-time accuracy of a Temporal Query for open bills, and the powerful query capabilities of SQL for historical reporting and listing.

### 2. Multi-Layer Idempotency

- **What:** Idempotency is handled at two layers. The Encore API gateway handles an `X-Idempotency-Key` for API-level retries. The `AddLineItem` activity also generates a unique ID (`uid`) for every database insertion, using `ON CONFLICT DO NOTHING` to prevent duplicates at the data layer.
- **Why:** This creates a robust defense against duplicate operations. API retries are stopped at the edge, and even if an internal error caused an activity to re-run, the database constraint would prevent a duplicate charge.

### 3. Using `BIGINT` for Currency

- **What:** All monetary values are stored as `BIGINT` in the database.
- **Why:** This is a best practice for handling money. It represents the smallest unit of a currency (e.g., cents for USD) as a whole number, completely avoiding floating-point precision errors which are a common source of bugs in financial calculations.

### 4. Decoupled Post-Processing with a Child Workflow

- **What:** After a bill is closed, the parent workflow starts a "fire-and-forget" child workflow to handle secondary tasks like PDF generation and emailing.
- **Why:** This decouples the critical financial transaction (closing the bill) from non-critical downstream operations. If the email service is down, it should not prevent the bill from being closed. The parent workflow completes quickly, and the child workflow can retry its tasks independently. This is achieved by setting `ParentClosePolicy: ABANDON`.

### 5. Temporal Timer for Bill Closure

- **What:** The workflow uses a durable `workflow.NewTimer` to automatically close the bill at its `billing_period_end`.
- **Why:** This is far more reliable than an external cron job. The timer is part of the workflow's persistent state and is guaranteed by Temporal to fire at the correct time, even if the application crashes and restarts. This makes the billing cycle self-contained and fault-tolerant.

---

## Future Considerations

As a production-grade service, the following areas would be the next logical steps for improvement.

### Monitoring and Alerting

- **Problem:** If the `ClosedBillPostProcessWorkflow` fails after all retries, the system currently only logs an error.
- **Solution:** Integrate a proper monitoring solution. This could involve:
  - Emitting metrics to a system like Prometheus.
  - Forwarding structured logs to a service like Datadog or an ELK stack.
  - Setting up alerts (e.g., in PagerDuty or Slack) for critical failures, such as the inability to start a child workflow or a child workflow failing permanently.

### Enhanced Testing

- The project includes some unit tests, but a comprehensive test suite would include:
  - **Integration Tests:** Using the Temporal test framework (`TestWorkflowEnvironment`) to run the full workflow and activity lifecycle in a simulated environment, verifying interactions and final state.
  - **End-to-End Tests:** Scripts that call the live API endpoints and verify the behavior of the complete system.

### Configuration Management

- Currently, some values like timeouts and retry policies are hardcoded. These should be externalized into a configuration file or service so they can be tuned per environment (local, staging, production) without requiring a code change.

### Security

- The current API endpoints are public. In a real-world scenario, they would need to be protected. This would involve:
  - Implementing an `//encore:api auth` handler.
  - Defining authorization logic (e.g., only an authenticated service or user can add a line item to a bill).

### Credit Notes and Adjustments

- **Problem:** The current system only handles the positive accrual of fees. It does not have a mechanism for issuing credits, handling refunds, or making adjustments to a bill that has already been closed.
- **Solution:** A robust billing system needs a "Credit Note" workflow. This could be a separate Temporal workflow that is linked to an original bill and applies a negative adjustment. This would involve creating new API endpoints and database tables to track credit operations, ensuring a complete and auditable financial history.

### Audit Trail

- **Problem:** While the database stores the final state and Temporal's history provides a technical trace, there is no dedicated, business-friendly audit trail.
- **Solution:** Implement a specific `audit_log` table in the database. Every significant event (bill created, line item added, bill closed, credit note issued) would trigger an activity to write a record to this table. This log should capture _who_, _what_, and _when_ for every financial event, which is invaluable for customer support, debugging, and compliance.

### Tax Calculation

- **Problem:** The system does not currently handle any form of taxation (like VAT, GST, or sales tax).
- **Solution:** Integrate a tax calculation service. This would likely be a new activity in the `ClosedBillPostProcessWorkflow` (or run just before `CloseBillFromState`). This activity would take the subtotal and customer jurisdiction, call an external tax service (e.g., Avalara, TaxJar), and add the calculated tax as a separate, clearly-labeled line item on the final invoice.

Commit message:

feat: add workflow_id in response for async api and update readme.md

README.md, after:

# Fees API with Encore and Temporal

This project implements a robust Fees API using the [Encore.dev](https://encore.dev/) framework for the backend and [Temporal.io](https://temporal.io/) for orchestrating long-running, reliable billing workflows.

It is designed to handle both usage-based and monthly billing cycles, allowing for the progressive accrual of fees (line items) and ensuring the durability and consistency of all financial operations.

## Project Overview

This Fees API is designed to serve as a robust, scalable, and reliable billing backend, primarily for **B2B (Business-to-Business) use cases**. It assumes integration with other internal services and platforms that require accurate and auditable tracking of charges.

**Target Users and Integration Points:**

- **Internal Services/Developers:** The primary consumers of this API. They integrate with the system using the defined RESTful endpoints (e.g., to create new bills, add usage events as line items, or trigger manual closures). For advanced, event-driven scenarios, they might interact directly with Temporal workflows via signals and queries.
- **Internal Operations/Support Teams:** These users would likely interact with the `Get Bill` and `List Bills` APIs, possibly through an internal UI built on top of this API, for monitoring ongoing billing cycles, troubleshooting customer inquiries, and verifying charges.
- **Billing/Finance Teams:** While not direct API users, they rely on the system's output. They would consume historical billing data (persisted in Postgres) for reporting, reconciliation, auditing, and financial analysis.

The core of the system is a long-running Temporal workflow, `BillLifecycleWorkflow`, that represents the lifecycle of a single bill. This workflow is responsible for:

- Tracking a defined billing period (e.g., one month).
- Accruing line item totals in its memory state via signals.
- Persisting each line item to a database for a historical record.
- Automatically closing the bill at the end of the period using a durable timer.
- Triggering a decoupled child workflow for post-processing tasks like generating invoices and sending emails.

## 1. Setup and Running

### Prerequisites

- **Go:** Version 1.18 or higher.
- **Docker:** Required by Encore to run the local Postgres database.
- **Temporalite:** A single-binary, zero-dependency distribution of Temporal for local development.

### Installation & Setup

1.  **Install Encore:**

    ```bash
    # macOS
    brew install encoredev/tap/encore

    # Linux
    curl -L https://encore.dev/install.sh | bash

    # Windows
    iwr https://encore.dev/install.ps1 | iex
    ```

2.  **Install and Run Temporalite:**
    Follow the official instructions at [temporal.io/temporalite](https://temporal.io/temporalite) to install it. Once installed, start the local Temporal service:

    ```bash
    ./temporalite start --namespace default
    ```

    Keep this terminal window open.

3.  **Run the Encore Application:**
    In a separate terminal, from the project's root directory, run:
    ```bash
    encore run
    ```
    Encore will start the service, connect to the local Postgres database (run via Docker), and connect to the local Temporalite instance. You will see a **Development Dashboard URL** in your terminal.

## 2. API Reference

You can interact with the API via `curl` or by using the **API Explorer** in the Encore Development Dashboard (usually at `http://localhost:9400/`).

### Create a New Bill (Asynchronous)

Starts a new billing cycle (either usage-based or subscription) for a given `bill_id`. This API is **asynchronous**, returning immediately after initiating a Temporal workflow for the billing process.

**Endpoint:** `POST /api/bills`

**`curl` Example (Usage-Based):**

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:4000/api/bills \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "X-Idempotency-Key: $(uuidgen)" \
-d '{
  "bill_id": "project-xyz-usage",
  "policy_type": "USAGE_BASED",
  "currency": "USD",
  "billing_period_end": "2025-09-26T21:25:00+08:00"
}'
```

**`curl` Example (Subscription):**

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:4000/api/bills \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "X-Idempotency-Key: $(uuidgen)" \
-d '{
  "bill_id": "project-abc-subscription",
  "policy_type": "SUBSCRIPTION",
  "currency": "USD",
  "billing_period_end": "2025-10-26T21:25:00+08:00",
  "recurring": {
    "amount": 1000,
    "interval": "30d",
    "description": "Monthly Subscription Fee"
  }
}'
```

_(Note: The `date` command above is for macOS/BSD to get a timestamp 10 minutes from now. Adjust for your shell.)_

**How it Works:**

- A request to this endpoint triggers the `BillLifecycleWorkflow` with the specified `policy_type` (e.g., `USAGE_BASED` or `SUBSCRIPTION`).
- The `X-Idempotency-Key` header is handled by Encore's middleware to prevent creating duplicate workflows from retried API calls.
- The `billing_period_end` tells the workflow when to automatically close itself.

### Add a Line Item (Asynchronous)

Adds a fee to an existing, open bill. This API is **asynchronous**, sending a signal to the running bill workflow and returning immediately.

**Endpoint:** `POST /api/bills/{billID}/line-items`

**`curl` Example:**

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:4000/api/bills/project-xyz-usage/line-items \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "X-Idempotency-Key: $(uuidgen)" \
-d '{
  "amount": 500,
  "currency": "USD",
  "description": "API Usage Charge"
}'
```

**Important:** The `amount` field must be provided in the currency's smallest unit (e.g., cents for USD). For example, to charge $5.00 USD, you must send an `amount` of `500`. This is a best practice to avoid floating-point errors in financial calculations.

**How it Works:**

- This sends an `AddLineItem` signal to the running workflow.
- The workflow executes an activity that inserts the line item into the database. A unique `uid` is generated for this insertion to provide database-level idempotency.
- If the insertion is successful, the workflow updates its internal in-memory total for that currency.

### Void a Line Item (Asynchronous)

Voids a specific line item from an open bill, effectively removing its amount from the total. This API is **asynchronous**, sending a signal to the running bill workflow and returning immediately.

**Endpoint:** `PUT /api/bills/{billID}/line-items/{lineItemID}/void`

**`curl` Example:**

```bash
# Replace {lineItemID} with an actual ID from a previously added line item
curl -X PUT http://localhost:4000/api/bills/project-xyz-usage/line-items/{lineItemID}/void \
-H "X-Idempotency-Key: $(uuidgen)"
```

**How it Works:**

- The API sends an `UpdateLineItem` signal to the running `BillLifecycleWorkflow`.
- The workflow triggers an `UpdateLineItem` activity. This activity changes the line item's `status` to `voided` in the database and returns the full line item object.
- Upon successful completion of the activity, the workflow subtracts the `amount` of the voided line item from its in-memory `Totals` map for the corresponding `currency`. This ensures the live, queryable total is immediately corrected.

### Manually Close a Bill (Synchronous)

Explicitly closes a bill before its scheduled `billing_period_end`. This API is **synchronous**, as it waits for the underlying Temporal workflow to complete the closure process and return the final bill details.

**Endpoint:** `POST /api/bills/{billID}/close`

**`curl` Example:**

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:4000/api/bills/project-xyz-usage/close
```

**How it Works:**

- Sends a `CloseBill` signal to the running workflow.
- The workflow stops its timer, finalizes the bill state by persisting the in-memory totals to the database, and triggers the post-processing child workflow.

### Get a Single Bill (Synchronous)

Retrieves the details of a specific bill. This API is **synchronous**, designed for real-time querying of a bill's status and current totals.

**Endpoint:** `GET /api/bills/{billID}`

**`curl` Example:**

```bash
curl "http://localhost:4000/api/bills/project-xyz-usage"
```

**How it Works:**

- This endpoint retrieves a bill by its `billID`.
- For open bills, it performs a Temporal Query against the live running workflow to fetch the real-time totals.
- For closed bills, it reads the finalized data directly from the database.

### List Bills (Synchronous)

Retrieves a paginated list of open or closed bills. This API is **synchronous**, designed for real-time display of bill information.

**Endpoint:** `GET /api/bills`

**`curl` Example (get open bills):**

```bash
curl "http://localhost:4000/api/bills?status=open&limit=5"
```

**How it Works:**

- This endpoint queries the database to get a list of bills.
- **Hybrid State Model:**
  - For **closed** bills, the total charges are read directly from the historical data in the database.
  - For **open** bills, it performs a **Temporal Query** against the live running workflow to fetch the real-time, up-to-the-second totals from its memory.

---

## 3. Architectural Decisions

This project includes several key design patterns that are critical for building robust, scalable financial systems.

### 1. Modular and Integrable Design

- **What:** The API is designed with clear boundaries and a focus on standard communication patterns (RESTful HTTP, Temporal signals/queries). The business logic is encapsulated within Temporal workflows and activities, separated from the API layer. Policy-based billing allows for easy extension without modifying core logic.
- **Why:** This modularity ensures that internal users and other internal services can integrate with the Fees API seamlessly. Services can interact via well-defined REST endpoints, or directly with Temporal workflows via signals and queries for more advanced, event-driven integrations. This promotes reusability, reduces coupling, and simplifies maintenance and evolution of the billing system.

### 2. Hybrid State Management

- **What:** The system uses a hybrid model for state. Live, in-flight totals are held in the workflow's memory for speed and consistency. Historical, finalized totals are persisted to the database for long-term storage and rich querying.
- **Why:** This provides the best of both worlds: the real-time accuracy of a Temporal Query for open bills, and the powerful query capabilities of SQL for historical reporting and listing.

### 2. Multi-Layer Idempotency

- **What:** Idempotency is handled at two layers. The Encore API gateway handles an `X-Idempotency-Key` for API-level retries. The `AddLineItem` activity also generates a unique ID (`uid`) for every database insertion, using `ON CONFLICT DO NOTHING` to prevent duplicates at the data layer.
- **Why:** This creates a robust defense against duplicate operations. API retries are stopped at the edge, and even if an internal error caused an activity to re-run, the database constraint would prevent a duplicate charge.

### 3. Using `BIGINT` for Currency

- **What:** All monetary values are stored as `BIGINT` in the database.
- **Why:** This is a best practice for handling money. It represents the smallest unit of a currency (e.g., cents for USD) as a whole number, completely avoiding floating-point precision errors which are a common source of bugs in financial calculations.

### 4. Decoupled Post-Processing with a Child Workflow

- **What:** After a bill is closed, the parent workflow starts a "fire-and-forget" child workflow to handle secondary tasks like PDF generation and emailing.
- **Why:** This decouples the critical financial transaction (closing the bill) from non-critical downstream operations. If the email service is down, it should not prevent the bill from being closed. The parent workflow completes quickly, and the child workflow can retry its tasks independently. This is achieved by setting `ParentClosePolicy: ABANDON`.

### 5. Temporal Timer for Bill Closure

- **What:** The workflow uses a durable `workflow.NewTimer` to automatically close the bill at its `billing_period_end`.
- **Why:** This is far more reliable than an external cron job. The timer is part of the workflow's persistent state and is guaranteed by Temporal to fire at the correct time, even if the application crashes and restarts. This makes the billing cycle self-contained and fault-tolerant.

---

## Future Considerations

As a production-grade service, the following areas would be the next logical steps for improvement.

### Monitoring and Alerting

- **Problem:** If the `ClosedBillPostProcessWorkflow` fails after all retries, the system currently only logs an error.
- **Solution:** Integrate a proper monitoring solution. This could involve:
  - Emitting metrics to a system like Prometheus.
  - Forwarding structured logs to a service like Datadog or an ELK stack.
  - Setting up alerts (e.g., in PagerDuty or Slack) for critical failures, such as the inability to start a child workflow or a child workflow failing permanently.

### Enhanced Testing

- The project includes some unit tests, but a comprehensive test suite would include:
  - **Integration Tests:** Using the Temporal test framework (`TestWorkflowEnvironment`) to run the full workflow and activity lifecycle in a simulated environment, verifying interactions and final state.
  - **End-to-End Tests:** Scripts that call the live API endpoints and verify the behavior of the complete system.

### Configuration Management

- Currently, some values like timeouts and retry policies are hardcoded. These should be externalized into a configuration file or service so they can be tuned per environment (local, staging, production) without requiring a code change.

### Security

- The current API endpoints are public. In a real-world scenario, they would need to be protected. This would involve:
  - Implementing an `//encore:api auth` handler.
  - Defining authorization logic (e.g., only an authenticated service or user can add a line item to a bill).

### Credit Notes and Adjustments

- **Problem:** The current system only handles the positive accrual of fees. It does not have a mechanism for issuing credits, handling refunds, or making adjustments to a bill that has already been closed.
- **Solution:** A robust billing system needs a "Credit Note" workflow. This could be a separate Temporal workflow that is linked to an original bill and applies a negative adjustment. This would involve creating new API endpoints and database tables to track credit operations, ensuring a complete and auditable financial history.

### Audit Trail

- **Problem:** While the database stores the final state and Temporal's history provides a technical trace, there is no dedicated, business-friendly audit trail.
- **Solution:** Implement a specific `audit_log` table in the database. Every significant event (bill created, line item added, bill closed, credit note issued) would trigger an activity to write a record to this table. This log should capture _who_, _what_, and _when_ for every financial event, which is invaluable for customer support, debugging, and compliance.

### Tax Calculation

- **Problem:** The system does not currently handle any form of taxation (like VAT, GST, or sales tax).
- **Solution:** Integrate a tax calculation service. This would likely be a new activity in the `ClosedBillPostProcessWorkflow` (or run just before `CloseBillFromState`). This activity would take the subtotal and customer jurisdiction, call an external tax service (e.g., Avalara, TaxJar), and add the calculated tax as a separate, clearly-labeled line item on the final invoice.
